# Data Science Capstone Project 
## Background.
Cali, one of the principal cities in Colombia, and the second cheapest cities in the world to live in (According to Forbes http://bit.ly/Forbes-cali) is also known as 'the capital of Salsa', one of the main reasons that justifies its fame. Therefore, it isn't strange the fact of having quite lots of venues throughout its streets, mainly related to dancing bars, nightclubs, discos, etc. These characteristics makes the city a promising set of places to those local and foreign stakeholders seeking for new investments and diversity within their portfolio. Cali, being a city with low housing prices and prosperity in public for multiple venues, converts itself in an attractive city for multiple types of investors. 

With all these characteristics, something comes in mind: it could be a good idea to put an establishment in this city. Nevertheless, before starting getting the hands dirty we have to study the location. And... what if we want to know which is the best location in this city to start any category of venue/establishment nearby other types of venues that we want to have around? i.e., what is the best way to have a proper environment according to any particular business surrounded by matching venues and lower competence?

## Data sources
In order to get the information about the different boroughs (it may sound weird, but we'll talk about this later) and its neighborhoods, i checked the Cali govermment planation department website. In order to get the latitudes and longitudes for every borough and neighborhood, i used the Geopy Python library. And finally, in order to get the corresponding venues for each neighborhood, i used the Foursquere API. 
